RN 2.16.9.0 (#20742)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/releases/yba-releases/v2.16.md

If you're using a previous v2.16 database version, you won't be able to successfully perform backups until you upgrade to YugabyteDB 2.16.1.1 or later.
{{< /warning >}}

## v2.16.9.0 - January 22, 2024 {#v2.16.9.0}

**Build:** `2.16.9.0-b67`

**Third-party licenses:** [YugabyteDB](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2.16.8.0/yugabytedb-2.16.9.0-b67-third-party-licenses.html), [YugabyteDB Anywhere](https://downloads.yugabyte.com/releases/2.16.9.0/yugabytedb-anywhere-2.16.9.0-b67-third-party-licenses.html)

For instructions on downloading and installing YugabyteDB Anywhere, refer to [Install YugabyteDB Anywhere](../../../yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/).

### New features

> * Adds the `ap-south-2` region and updates AWS AMIs to version 8.8, providing more flexibility for customers setting up DR environments. PLAT-10407

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the `ap-south-2` region and updates AWS AMIs to version 8.8, providing more flexibility to set up DR environments. PLAT-10407
```

### Improvements

> * Addressing the backward compatibility issue, the latest update sets missing Node UUIDs across all universes, including incoming clusters in task params, avoiding task failure due to absent Node UUIDs in new releases. This facilitates smoother regional node transfer operations. PLAT-10628,PLAT-10542

Reviewer: looks like bug fix
